gh-56634: Gettext: raise descriptive `ValueError`s instead of `IndexError`s for incorrect `.mo` files metadata (#112895)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-09-25-21-13-59.gh-issue-56634.8tySiu.rst

> Gettext now raises descriptive ``ValueError``\s instead of ``IndexError``\s for
> incorrect ``.mo`` files metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`gettext.GNUTranslations` now raises descriptive :exc:`ValueError`\s instead of :exc:`IndexError`\s for
incorrect ``.mo`` file metadata.
```
